#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{fontspec}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics xetex
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
HJD Type Crane PLC transformation in control circuit 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{
\backslash
fontspec{SimSun} HJD型克令吊控制电路的PLC改造}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{
\backslash
fontspec{SimSun} 船海 闫鹏 201430110059}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Background.

\emph default
 HJD type crane is widely used in domestic ships.
 Traditional HJD type crane adopts relays and contactors for secondary circuit
 control.
 The coils and contacts are easily burned after long-term use, frequently
 causing accidents.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent

\emph on
Aims and Approach.

\emph default
 The chief aim of the present work is provide an available way shifting
 to PLC control and reducing the use of coils and contacts.
 PLC, namely, programmable logic controller, is a digital computer used
 for automation and control.
 PLCs support multiple analogue and digital inputs and outputs arrangements,
 with extended temperature ranges, immunity to electrical noise, and resistance
 to vibration and impact.
 PLC used in this paper is Siemens S7-200.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent

\emph on
Conclusion.
 
\emph default
In this paper, The PLC transformation, including basic protection control
 process, rose and fall process, brake process, low/medium/high-speed process,
 has been supplied after analyzing the principle of control circuits.
 There are no failures in experiment after long-term usage.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Outline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
References 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hangafter=1 
\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
hangindent}{4em}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
Smoczek, J., and J.
 Szpytko.
 2014.
 “Evolutionary algorithm-based design of a fuzzy TBF predictive model and
 TSK fuzzy anti-sway crane control system.” 
\emph on
Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence
\emph default
 28:190-200.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
